Overhaul Validator Setup Page (#57)
kusamanetwork/userguide: docs/try/secure-validator-setup.md

# Secure Validator Setup

Validators in a Proof of Stake network are responsible for keeping the network in consensus and verifying state transitions. As the number of validators is limited, validators in the set have the responsibility to be online and faithfully execute their tasks.

This primarily means that validators:

- must have infrastructure that protects the validator's signing keys so that an attacker cannot take control and commit slashable behavior; and,
- must be high availability.

## High Availability

The best way to keep your validator available is to have it behind a layer of "sentry nodes". Sentry nodes are full nodes that can be provisioned on cloud infrastructure, e.g. AWS, GCP, Azure. Your validator node should be placed in a private data center and limit its connections to the sentry nodes.

Sentry nodes can filter the messages that they send to the validator, never sending duplicates so that the validator doesn't get spammed. Likewise, if a sentry node is attacked and goes offline, other instances can be provisioned to replace it. DDoS attacks should never make it to the validator.

> As validators must have 100% uptime, users may want to have failovers. In this setup, there would be one primary validator, and a second one that only responds to messages if the primary goes offline.

Reviewer: Seems like "must have 100% uptime" is asking a lot.  We also should have a note in here describing the downside of failovers - apparently there was a failover screwup in Cosmos, they ended up signing two blocks and got slashed for equivocation.

```suggestion
As validators are expected to have 100% uptime, one possibility to increase availability is to have failovers. In this setup, there would be one primary validator, and a second one that only responds to messages if the primary goes offline.

It should be mentioned if multiple validators do end up online at the same time and using the same session key, your validator may end up signing multiple blocks and will thus get slashed for equivocation.   A properly configured high availability setup like this will reduce your chances of getting slashed for non-responsiveness, but a misconfigured setup will increase your chances of getting slashed for equivocation.  This is a trade-off, and we expect that different validators will make different decisions on which side they err towards.
```
